This service delegation should be in 6 days.
Just arrived
Why are people here so soon?
Father, what is their purpose?
You'll know if you're recruited, right?
Anyway, he is the defeated general of our Great Xia
How dare you
recruit
Come in please.
Under my cane title
On behalf of the Housan delegation, I came to visit the Chen family
In addition to wishing Chen's senior brother
I also specially sent a special
I Fuso Ambassador Mission
I am going to send a few people to have a match with the young talents of the younger generation of the building
This is the congratulatory gift from my Fuso Kingdom to the Chen family, Dahe Yan Wu